add ruby-text element entry (#2769)
Codecademy/docs: content/html/concepts/semantic-html/terms/ruby-text/ruby-text.md

---

> Title: '<rt>'

Reviewer: Looks like this path is incorrect. The folder and filename should use the tag, "rt". So, it should be:
.../terms/rt/rt.md

> Title: '<ruby-text>'

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Title: '<rt>'
```

> Description: 'Used to provide pronunciation, translation, or transliteration information for East Asian typography.'

Reviewer: This description is a very close to a verbatim copy of the Mozilla documentation. I would suggest rephrasing this to differentiate it further. Also the example used below is the same as in the Mozilla version. All docs content must be original. Please revise with an example you have developed.

Subjects:
  - 'Web Development'
  - 'Web Design'
Tags:
  - 'Tags'
CatalogContent:
  - 'learn-html'
  - 'paths/front-end-engineer-career-path'
---

> The **`<rt>`** semantic HTML element represents the [ruby](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Element/ruby) text component of a ruby annotation, this provides pronunciation, translation, or transliteration information for East Asian typography. The `<rt>` element must be contained within a [`<ruby>`](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Element/ruby) element at all time.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The **`<rt>`** semantic HTML element represents the ruby text component of a ruby annotation, this provides pronunciation, translation, or transliteration information for East Asian typography. The `<rt>` element must be contained within a `<ruby>` element at all times.
```
We generally discourage linking to outside documentation.
